Right. I actually promised my friends that I'd make this video quite a while ago,
but I've not got around to it. But now I finally got around to it.
So here it is in this video. I'm just going to be attempting to
do a variety of accents from around the
world. I'll start off with accents from my own country, which has lots
of different accents. I'm from Britain in case
you didn't notice. I'm from the UK and yeah, there's lots of different british accents
can do. And then I'll move on to accents from other countries.
And that the way I'm going to structure this video is
for each accent I'm going to pretend I'm on the phone and I'm going
to chat a random stuff. And when I say random, I mean 100% random.
It is completely not a rubbish. Don't pay attention to what I say,
don't take it seriously. It's just random chatter in the accent.
I may have made a few references here and there to
the individual accent, but it's mostly random. But yeah, that's how
I'm gonna structure it. So let's begin.
Alright, it's Dave there. You right, mate? How's it going,
son? Yeah, I'm fine, mate. Just doing a bit of diY. This place
is a fucking shithole, but I'll have it sorted in no time.
Wah gwangla. What? You seen? Nah, school, fam.
What? Ebla. What are you talking about? Ebla. Don't fucking hang up
on me. What the fuck? Pusill,
what the fuck are you looking at? Great, great, fantastic.
Thanks a lot. Oh, and don't forget to bring the
briefing documents and insurance papers. Yes, great,
thank you. I mean, if you ask me, there are a great number
of individuals on that list who I most deeply despise.
One of them has been my family's arch rival since the
mid 18th century. Yes, I woke
up this morning to see some bastard who stole my chatter.
Anyway, are you coming with me later to see Plymouth Rogue?
Nice green horn, mate. The guy that was
interviewing me was a fucking knobhead. Nope,
seriously, like, he asked me if I was irish or scottish.
I mean, just cause I don't sound like one of them fucking southern fairies
I like. Mate, how's it going? I'm fine.
Well, yesterday I got in the fucking bar braille cause I was this cheeky dickhead.
It was like, give me funny looks and that. So I fuckin smashed a bottle
over his head and then like three of his maids fuckin grab me from behind.
But then I like fart them off like I was like swatting like flies.
It was bloody fantastic. Aliens and Cardiff?
I don't think so. Listen, I think you need professional
help. I have a phone number here for a
high quality cancelling service. Did you just call me a shipshagger?
That is not acceptable. You bloody bastard.
A baseball bat, an oozy and a petrol
bomb. And then he fucking dropped to the floor unconscious.
Unconscious. Can you believe that?
And I just sat there thinking, is it me
or is he just a wee bit off his head? If you give him an
inch, he'll take a fucking mail. You have got a decision to make.
I'll count down.
54321.
Time's up. Get the fuck out. Simple ass. I'm not just going
to stand by and watch some paunch little fucker put me out of business.
I will burn his fucking place down to the ground if I have to.
And I will stay there for the fire show with a pint of Guinness in
one hand and a pint of Magnus in the other safe in the
knowledge that that cunt won't be fucking with me ever, ever again.
Dude, I'm not an asshole, I don't like talking to
people like that. But that bitch had it coming.
Seriously, at the end of the day, some people just take the piss.
I was really good to her and she treated me like a fucking doormat.
And that is not cool.
Anyway, I gotta go. I'll see you later.
Dude. That douchebag killed his fucking dog.
That's just crossing the line. I mean, he was real close to that dog,
you know? Why did you think this whole situation's got out of control
and I don't know what to do, boss. Any advice, any advice,
any advice, any advice, any advice, any advice,
any advice, any advice, any advice, any advice, any advice,
any advice, any advice, any advice, any advice, any advice, any advice,
any advice, any advice, any advice, any advice,
any advice, any advice, any advice, any advice, any advice,
any advice,